So far so good.
This is how we defined in our own network.
This is how we define the last function the optimizer and the accuracy metrics.
And then we just have to fit the model.
So what does it mean that we are going to train this network and network we have defined here on the
training data set.
So the training features and the training target variables we are going to make a thousand approx.
What is an apple.
An apple is a full iteration over the entire data set.
So in this case an apple is when we consider all these samples.
So 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1.
This is the first book.
Okay.
In the next book we are going to consider all of these samples again 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1.
This is the next Apple.
So we use a 2000 Apple X which means that we are going to consider the whole dataset A thousand times
and we are going to use verbose Eco's to two if verbose is zero then its going to be a silent training
procedure.
And if we set it to two we are going to get all of the information we need.
For example the number of apples for example the last function value or the accuracy as far as I am
concerned.
I'd like to take a look at the training procedure with the last function values and the accuracy.
So I like to set verbose to the two and then we can make predictions with the half of our network.
Okay in this case the task the data set is the same as the training data set because we have a small
data set.
So we are going to make predictions on the same data that we have trained in our network.
Okay and we use around because we are after 0 or 1.
So if the value is 0 that 99 is going to be wanted because of this round function and the value is 0
that 0 0 1 it is going to be 0.
OK because we use lots of lots of hidden layers.
If we use for example just 10 iterations the final resort is not going to be that accurate.
Let's wait for Cara's to finish the training operation.
As you can see the accuracy is 75 percent which is not that fine if we make for example a thousand iterations
as you can see the binary accuracy is 1.
So the output is going to be 0 1 1 0 which means that we have a deep knowledge network with several
hidden layers.
We are able to learn D-Backs or logical relationships 0 1 1 0.
After a thousand books the output values are 0 1 1 0.
This is exactly what we are after.
Lets use sigmoid functions instead of the array you activation function and we will see that with the
help of the railway activation function.
I guess the accuracy was won even when we made for example 500 iterations and let's check whether a
sigmoid function can do the same.
So if we make just five hundred iterations with the sigmoid activation functions because we have so
many hidden layers I guess the accuracy is not going to be as high as where the real activation functions.
So as you can see with the help of sigmoid activation functions the binary accuracy after 500 iterations
is 50 percent.
Why.
Because we have to train lots of lots of educators because it is a deep nodal network who had seven
hidden layers and all of the hidden layers contains 16 now rowans.
So thats why there are lots of lots of edge ways to train and sigmoid function is not the best solution
in these cases.
If we use the real you activation function lets say that and lets run it.
OK let's check the accuracy.
I guess we are going to get much better results.
OK so as you can see after 300 iterations the accuracy is 100.
We just have to make approximately two hundred and fifty iterations.
We'd rather you activation function in order to end up with 100 percent accuracy.
So this is why we have to use ralliers activation function instead of sigmoid activation function.
As far as deep now Real Networks are concerned when dealing with simple feedforward now we're running
networks with a single hidden layer then sigmoid function is perfect when dealing with the deep and
that works with lots of lots of hidden layers and lots of lots of hidden now runs.
We have to use relatively activation function in order to boost D-bag freedom by the way.
I guess that if we use sigmoid activation function and let's say for example five thousand iterations
I guess it's going to be the same.
So sigmoid function is going to learn the relationships but we have to make lots of lots of iterations
as you can see the accuracy 75 percent after three thousand iterations.
I guess that is going to take a while to learn the non-linear relationship.
OK.
Again it is not good.
Let's make 10000 iterations with the help of sigmoid activation function after 3000 iterations.
We have managed to find the non-linear relationships between the features.
So in this case sigmoid function is going to work fine but as we have seen for the really the activation
function that we just had to make two hundred iterations in order to learn this X or logical relationship
for sigmoid we have to make st Townsend.
OK so this is how we are dealing with deep now Real Networks.
And usually we have to use ralliers activation functions.
Thanks for watching.